Hey guys, I'm going to teach you how
use instinct and since you want 7
you clearly became empowered
virus can be by the time you
I want to and I want to kick a goal.
link in the description of the
video only click on download as it comes
in the wrong format you extract
can be anywhere on the computer
attend this executable
normally open to press the
asking window to inject you click
in direct and if everything is right
another window appears saying that the
radio is activated now you have chosen
finally
I chose this guy who has an expensive knife.
Let's see if he accepts the exchange.
please the show started here naify
your knife
I'm interested will find there will see
if he accepts
I said ok and ohio work the next
way when he puts the item to the
exchange you just clicked on and the button
exchange will now be available for
You do not have to click on it without it.
also this is a function of kick it
put the knife we ​​are ready or
here and exchange
yes he is ready
in the completed exchange you can usually
see in inventory too
That's it, folks, until next time.